back at the dog unit Frank is about to
see Tarzan the assault dog in action
after a recent anti poaching exercise
his fearsome reputation has spread far
and wide there's a rapid reaction team
that this network of security forces
deployed up in the north and they got
one of the Rangers got killed in an
operation and in the follow-up to that
Tarzan was deployed to go do a search
through lots of the communities looking
for weapons and in villages there are
many highly trained dogs in the unit
Frank believes they could be the
ultimate weapon in the war against
poaching and it doesn't there's a lot of
natural fear of dogs up here anyway they
don't they're known to be scared of dogs
but to see a dog trained like this I
think it would be extremely scary for
anyone I wouldn't like to be a poacher
faced with that and now it's Tarzan's
turn doc yeah anyone
here comes Tarzan leap that he does he
must have terrified the the villages
that he went to after this ranger got
killed all the communities are much more
afraid of the security forces in this
area because they know about this dog
Tarzan
Hey how did that go yeah that's the nice
one yeah that was good it's very
impressive I think I'm pretty persuaded
by her what an effective deterrent these
dogs these dogs are and the fact that
these guys are now building a center of
excellence for dog training is really
gonna help us into the future
[Music]